README.md, before:

Various bits and pieces for the Unified Astronomy Thesaurus.

The browsers folder contains files for the various browsers used to display the UAT on the website, including the alphabetical, hierarchical, and dendrogram browsers.

The scripts folder contains scripts used to manipulate the RDF export of the UAT from VocBench.

The thesaurus folder contains the content of the UAT in various file formats.

===================== 
Overview: 
------------- 
The Unified Astronomy Thesaurus (UAT) is an open, interoperable and community-supported thesaurus of astronomical and astrophysical concepts and their relationships. Management of the UAT is based on a community-supported approach to ensure the thesaurus stays current by allowing anyone to suggest an addition or revision which will then be subjected to a thorough expert review process. The UAT is supported by many leading astronomical institutions, professional associations, journal publishers, learned societies, and data repositories as a standard astronomical terminology.

For more information please visit: http://astrothesaurus.org

Commit message:

uploading UAT v.1, also moving scripts, etc to another git repo

README.md, after:

The UAT in various file formats.

======================================= 
IMPORTANT NOTE: 
--------------- 

We are making available these versions of the Unified Astronomy Thesaurus for collaborators and developers who are interested in using the controlled vocabulary.  We are interested in your feedback, which should be sent to us via our Google Group at https://groups.google.com/d/forum/uat-users or by using our submission form at http://astrothesaurus.org/contribute/


VERSIONS:
---------

UAT         --> Current version (v.1) of the UAT, released on 12/22/2015.
The current version was released on 12/22/2015 and consists of a polyhierarchy with 1835 terms, 11 top concepts, and a depth of 10 levels. There are 319 'related' links in the thesaurus. 

UAT_v.beta  --> Beta version of the UAT, released on 9/4/2014.
The beta draft was released on 9/4/2014 and consists of a polyhierarchy with 1910 terms, 15 top concepts, and a depth of 12 levels. There are 224 'related' links in the thesaurus. 



ABOUT THE UAT: 
-------------- 

This Unified Astronomy Thesaurus (UAT) is an open, interoperable and community-supported thesaurus which unifies the existing divergent and isolated Astronomy & Astrophysics thesauri into a single high-quality, freely-available open thesaurus formalizing astronomical concepts and their inter-relationships. 

The UAT builds upon the existing IAU Thesaurus with major contributions from the Astronomy portions of the thesauri developed by the Institute of Physics Publishing and the American Institute of Physics.  We expect that the Unified Astronomy Thesaurus will be further enhanced and updated through a collaborative effort involving broad community participation. 

While the AAS has assumed formal ownership of the UAT, the work will be available under a Creative Commons License, ensuring its widest use while protecting the intellectual property of the contributors. We envision that development and maintenance will be stewarded by a broad group of parties having a direct stake in it.  This includes professional associations (IVOA, IAU), learned societies (AAS, RAS), publishers (IOP, AIP), librarians and other curators working for major astronomy institutes and data archives. 

More information and updates are available from http://astrothesaurus.org
